etc/nginx/nxsite.conf etc/nginx
etc/profile.d/nxpath.sh etc/profile.d
usr/bin/nxdisable usr/bin
usr/bin/nxdissite usr/bin
usr/bin/nxenable usr/bin
usr/bin/nxensite usr/bin
usr/bin/nxmksite usr/bin
usr/bin/nxreload usr/bin
usr/bin/nxrestart usr/bin
usr/bin/nxrmsite usr/bin
usr/bin/nxstart usr/bin
usr/bin/nxstatus usr/bin
usr/bin/nxstop usr/bin
usr/bin/nxd usr/bin
usr/bin/nxds usr/bin
usr/bin/nxe usr/bin
usr/bin/nxes usr/bin
usr/bin/nxmk usr/bin
usr/bin/nxrl usr/bin
usr/bin/nxrm usr/bin
usr/bin/nxrs usr/bin
usr/bin/nxs usr/bin
usr/bin/nxsp usr/bin
usr/bin/nxst usr/bin
